Episode 14, Elizabeth.
I was shocked when George told me he had spoken to Miki on the
phone… and he had even agreed to fly over there and meet with him.
He had insisted that the protest outside the embassy was
unimportant and that Miki was willing to talk about social change.
I expected my own phone call from Miki, and I got it a few days later at my office.
“Hello, my darling Elizabeth,” he began, knowing full
well how I wasn’t exactly impervious to his charm.
“   How is your work going?”
“ Nice to hear from you, Miki,” I said.
“Work is fine.
I’m still doing public relations work for Detsi Cola and Fresh FM.
Nothing so grand as running an entire country!”
Miki continued, “And I hear there are wedding bells on the horizon.”
My face turned red, even though it was silly to blush on the phone.
If things had turned out differently, it could have been Miki and me…
But I pushed those thoughts out of my head.
Derek was a great man, he was a safe pair of hands.
It might not be fireworks, but we’d surely be happy together.
“I’d love to invite you to the wedding, Miki, but you never leave Ankhazastan.”
Miki laughed and said, “Elizabeth, I heard that your
firm does PR work for the Prime Minister’s Office.”
“Yes, that’s true,” I said, “But that’s the juiciest contract, and it’s handled by the boss’s son.”
“The juiciest contract?” repeated Miki.
“Well, how about this for a juicy contract… handle Ankhazastan’s PR over there, in Britain.”
“Miki!
" I laughed, "The UK press thinks that you’re ‘Dr.
Evil’.
The best PR for you right now is no PR – just don’t do anything that causes these headlines.”
“ I disagree,” said Miki.
“Ankhazastan needs foreign investment, and for that, we need positive
headlines… or at least neutral ones that stick to the facts.”
“ Facts?” I replied.
“But you really did those things.
For example, you really did pass repressive laws against the LGBT community and environmentalists.”
Miki had an answer for this.
“Maybe it’s seen as negative over there, but it’s very popular with our people.
In a survey we did, 93% were in favour.
They’d have rioted if we hadn’t passed such a law.”
“Okay,” I said.
“What about the law that stops people from becoming millionaires?”
Miki had an answer for this, too.
“It’s an anti-corruption measure.
99% of millionaires in Ankhazastan became rich through cheating people and taking bribes.
But your press didn’t say anything about that.”
Something is wrong with your country I thought.
if people can only get wealthy through corruption . But I kept this thought to myself.
It wasn’t as if all of the clients my agency worked for were squeaky clean…
Miki continued, “And actually, a few of your Labour MPs said
it was a positive move, but that didn’t get reported either.
This is why we need PR – we just want balanced reporting, so that
investors don’t get scared off and so we can really develop the country.
Then, we can have more openness, more democracy.”
I sighed.
I didn’t want to get mixed up in Miki’s political affairs, but he was very persuasive.
“And what’s more,” Miki said, “I will match the fees paid by the Prime
Minister’s Office and I will insist that you handle the contract yourself.”
This caught my attention.
The chance to be a rising star in my PR firm, some international
travel and the chance to spend more time with Miki.
I couldn’t say no.
“I’ll fly over there and we can discuss it in person,” I told him.
“And I’m sure George would be more than happy to tag along”.
And that was settled then.
I would be making another trip to Ankhazastan.